FP1

Idea 1
Personal Portfolio

The main idea of this portfolio is to showcase my ux projects, graphic design projects to potential recruiters 
I wanted this portfolio to be of three main pages and I’ll also plan to show one of my projects for this final project. The three main pages include: home, about and project page. I want to convey my design personality through this portfolio
I plan to make this more engaging by adding animations and I want to make it more artistic by adding my personal touch. I want to draw some of the icons on my portfolio. I plan to make this more accessible by adding alt text for images, having a clear HTML structure, and color contrast to ensure readability.




Idea 2

I found this on youtube 

Most of the time, when we see really good food on youtube, we wonder if it is actually worth the hype. This website will allow users to add/review recipes that they found on Youtube or on Youtube shorts. Give honest feedback about the recipe. They can share a small blurb and add a photo of what they made.
I want to make this interactive by making interactions of how users can add a post/review and then it will be posted and having cool transitions. 
I plan to make it accessible by using color contrast so that there is 





Idea 3

This is a meal prep website for those who like to meal in advance. The main page of this website contains a popular recipes section and the rest is a recipe finder where users can apply filters to find a certain recipe based on meal type, time it takes to make the food.
The website is made interactive by having dropdowns for selecting the recipe.The recipe page will also have digestible information so that the user isn’t overwhelmed by information
It will contain clear and consistent navigation, alt text, and ensure that the text is readable




Critique:
From class, students liked the meal prep and the second idea the most. For the meal prep and I found this on youtube, students had questions about whether the recipes would be stored in a database or local storage. There were also questions about how the flow would look like for users and how would a user post their review of the recipe. I found this on youtube intends to not be a social media platform but there were questions about how to make it solely just a review website. For the meal prep website, there were questions about decision fatigue and how it can impact the users choices. Most feedback was around making the userflows for the ideas more concrete so that the user will know what to do. 
For the portfolio, I received feedback around making it more unique rather than using simple navigation and also to demonstrate skills in usability 
For I found this on youtube, I also got feedback on utilizing affordances for this concept and how it might be beneficial to think through this idea.
For the meal prep website, I was informed that this idea would require a lot of planning and how this can impact my workflow. The recipes will have to be determined using labels in order to be filtered out from the filters and this might be tough.
